[Music]
an organization's business model can be
described with nine basic building
blocks your customer segments your value
proposition for each segment the
channels to each
customers customer relationships you
establish the revenue streams you
generate the key resources and Key
activities you require to create
value the key partners and the C
structure of the business model
but it's not sufficient to just
enumerate the nine building blocks what
you really want to do is to map them out
on a pre-structured
canvas this is what we call the business
model canvas a tool that helps you map
discuss design and invent new business
models let's briefly go through the nine
building blocks starting with a customer
segments these are all the people or
organizations for which you're creating
value this includes simple users and P
customers for each segment you have a
specific value proposition these are the
bundles of products and services that
create value for your customers the
channels describe through which touch
points you're interacting with customers
and delivering
[Music]
value the customer relationships outline
the type of relationship you're
establishing with your
customers the revenue streams make clear
how and through which price in
mechanisms your business model is
capturing
value then you need to describe the
infrastructure to create deliver and
capture value the key resources show
which assets are indispensable in your
business
model the Key activities show which
things you really need to be able to
perform well the key Partners show who
can help you leverage your business
model since you won't own all Key
Resources yourself nor you perform all
Key activities then once you understand
your business model's infrastructure
you'll also have an idea of its cost
structure so with the business model
canvas you can map out your entire
business model in one image this works
for startup entrepreneurs just as well
as for the most senior executives
[Music]